New Landing Page for the Contract Section (#1698)
near/docs: docs/2.develop/contracts/security/checklist.md

Once you finished developing your smart contract please go through the following list in order to ensure everything is safe for the end user.

:::info

> Check our [docs on security](/develop/contracts/security/welcome) to understand how to improve the security of your contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check our [security articles](/develop/contracts/security/welcome) to understand how to improve the security of your contract.
```
